Bai 2399 docker scan UI documentation (#3501)
gchq/Bailo: frontend/pages/docs/users/using-scanners/file-scanning.mdx

import DocsWrapper from 'src/docs/DocsWrapper'
import Box from '@mui/material/Box'
import Image from 'next/legacy/image'

import chipView from 'public/docs/bailo_file_scan_chip.png'
import rescanView from 'public/docs/bailo_file_rescan.png'

# Scanning Files

## Using Scanners

When uploading files to Bailo, your files will be automatically scanned (assuming scanners are configured and
initialised).

Bailo is configured, by default, to use the scanners: ClamAV and ModelScan (ArtefactScan), see

> [Bailo - Artefact Scanners](/docs/administration/microservices/artefact-scanners)

Reviewer: A small description might be nice?

```suggestion
Bailo is configured, by default, to use the scanners:

- ClamAV is an Antivirus tool used for traditional malware detection. You can read more about it
  [here](https://www.clamav.net/).

- ModelScan is an tool used to prevent model serialization attacks, across a variety of formats. You can read more about
  it [here](https://github.com/protectai/modelscan/tree/main). ModelScan is packaged in
  [Bailo Artefact Scan](/docs/administration/microservices/artefact-scanners)
```

For scan results:

- Go to your model and click on File Management Tab
- Click the Scan chip, towards the right of your file
- View scan results, note the two scanners' results are listed separately

<Box sx={{ maxWidth: '75%', margin: 'auto' }}>
  <Image alt='view file scanning chip' src={chipView} />
</Box>

## Rescan File

> If you want to rescan, click the 3 dots to the right of the scan results chip and select the Rescan option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rescan a file after it's been uploaded, click the 3 dots to the right of the scan results chip and select the Rescan
option.
```

<Box sx={{ maxWidth: '50%', margin: 'auto' }}>
  <Image alt='popup confirming file scan results' src={rescanView} />
</Box>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Alert severity='info'>There is a cool-down period for rerunning a scan that is configured your administrator</Alert>
```

import DocsWrapper from 'src/docs/DocsWrapper'
import Box from '@mui/material/Box'
import Image from 'next/legacy/image'
import Alert from '@mui/material/Alert'
import chipView from 'public/docs/bailo_file_scan_chip.png'
import rescanView from 'public/docs/bailo_file_rescan.png'

# Scanning Files

## Using Scanners

When uploading files to Bailo, your files will be automatically scanned (assuming scanners are configured and
initialised).

> Bailo is configured, by default, to use the scanners:

Reviewer 2: `By default, Bailo is configured to use the following scanners:`

- ClamAV is an Antivirus tool used for traditional malware detection. You can read more about it
  [here](https://www.clamav.net/).

> - ModelScan is an tool used to prevent model serialization attacks, across a variety of formats. You can read more about

Reviewer 2: `ModelScan is an tool  used to prevent model serialization attacks` -> `ModelScan is a tool used to prevent model serialisation attacks`

  it [here](https://github.com/protectai/modelscan/tree/main). ModelScan is packaged in
  [Bailo Artefact Scan](/docs/administration/microservices/artefact-scanners)

For scan results:

- Go to your model and click on File Management Tab
- Click the Scan chip, towards the right of your file

> - View scan results, note the two scanners' results are listed separately

Reviewer 2: `View scan results. Each scanning tool will have its results listed separately.`

<Box sx={{ maxWidth: '75%', margin: 'auto' }}>
  <Image alt='view file scanning chip' src={chipView} />
</Box>

## Rescan File

> To rescan a file after it's been uploaded, click the 3 dots to the right of the scan results chip and select the Rescan

Reviewer 2: `it's` -> `it has`

option.

<Box sx={{ maxWidth: '50%', margin: 'auto' }}>
  <Image alt='popup confirming file scan results' src={rescanView} />
</Box>

<Alert sx={{ my: '20px' }} severity='info'>

>   There is a cool-down period for rerunning a scan that is configured your administrator

Reviewer 2: `configured by your administrator`
